# Machine-Learning-predicting-Crypto-Markets
Important!
We want to emphasize that the results generated by our algorithm are not sufficiently accurate to be considered as a reliable financial advice.
While the algorithm adopts advanced techniques, financial markets' complexity and volatility require personalized advice from qualified professionals.
DO NOT TAKE ANY FINANCIAL DECISIONS BASED ON THE RESULT PRODUCED BY THE ALGORITHM.
WE ARE NOT ACCOUNTABLE FOR ANY POTENTIAL LOSSES OR MISLEADING OUTCOMES BASED ON  FALSE AND/OR INACCURATE DATA/INFORMATION PRODUCED BY THE ALGORITHM.

Description:
Bitcoin price prediction using Machine Learning algorithms and Twitter sentiment analysis.
This system predicts the daily Bitcoin price by using Machine Learning Neural Network LSTM architecture.
The system performs sentiment analysis on tweets related to Bitcoin and produces daily compound score which represents
the sentiment of tweets for a specific day.
Later the sentiment compound score is combined with the Bitcoin market statistics into one dataset which is used for training and testing
the algorithm.
Further details explained in the code comments.

Running the program:
To compile the system, run the MainFunction.py file which is going to call Run() function that is goingt to load and compile everything neccesary.
Run file MainFunction.py to compile the system.
Calling function Run() is going to take more than 1 hour to download all tweets and perform sentiment analysis on them
Files are already downloaded in the directory
Run file LSTM_No_Sentiment.py to run the Neural Network model 1 
Run file LSTM_Sentiment.py to run the Neural Network model 2
